Create DataBuilders Hackathon.md (#2)
oceanprotocol/data-challenges: DataBuilders Hackathon.md

To host your data assets on Arweave you have two options:

1. In a webapp, using [ardrive.io](https://www.ardrive.io). [Ocean Docs](https://docs.oceanprotocol.com/using-ocean-market/asset-hosting#arweave) has more info.
2. In code, using [pybundlr library](https://github.com/oceanprotocol/pybundlr).

Once the above is completed, take the transaction ID and head over to [Ocean Market](https://market.oceanprotocol.com/publish/1) to get started with publishing. If you need more information feel free to ask for support in our dedicated [Discord channel](https://discord.gg/JK4rq7KBGh) or visit our [docs](https://docs.oceanprotocol.com/using-ocean-market/marketplace-publish-data-asset).

## 2. Use Ocean Data NFTs as ERC725Y

The ERC725y feature enables the NFT owner to input and update information in a key-value store. These values can be viewed externally by anyone and are highly useful building blocks for various Sybil protection approaches. As an example, DAOs can use Ocean data NFTs to provide great amount of resistance in preventing misuse of DAO proposal mechanisms. 

> Ocean data NFTs can also be used to [Login with Web3](https://github.com/oceanprotocol/ocean.py/blob/main/READMEs/profile-nfts-flow.md) and allow a dApp to not only connect to the user's wallet, but also access profile data that the user has privately shared to it. In fact, Ocean data NFTs can essentially be used as [Soulbound Tokens](https://papers.ssrn.com/sol3/Delivery.cfm/SSRN_ID4105763_code1186331.pdf?abstractid=4105763&mirid=1) as well. 

Reviewer: > In fact, Ocean data NFTs can essentially be used as [Soulbound Tokens]

I'm interested to know how they can be used as soulbound tokens? I thought the whole idea of soulbound tokens is that they are non-transferable. We would surely need a new ERC721 template that removed any transfer function in order to stop people transferring their data NFTs?

Reviewer 2: Ocean data nft template already supports the argument of transferable y/n.

The ocean.py readme for profile data nfts uses it. You can think of profile data nfts as an example of SBT.

https://github.com/oceanprotocol/ocean.py/blob/main/READMEs/profile-nfts-flow.md

Reviewer: Ok cool, sounds good

Reviewer: It might be worth adding a bit more of an explanation of that here: 

```suggestion
Ocean data NFTs can also be used to [Login with Web3](https://github.com/oceanprotocol/ocean.py/blob/main/READMEs/profile-nfts-flow.md) and allow a dApp to not only connect to the user's wallet, but also access profile data that the user has privately shared to it. Additionally, the Ocean data NFT template supports the argument of `transferable=False` which means they can be used as [Soulbound Tokens](https://papers.ssrn.com/sol3/Delivery.cfm/SSRN_ID4105763_code1186331.pdf?abstractid=4105763&mirid=1) as well. 
```

## 2. Use Ocean Data NFTs as ERC725Y

The ERC725y feature enables the NFT owner to input and update information in a key-value store. These values can be viewed externally by anyone and are highly useful building blocks for various Sybil protection approaches. As an example, DAOs can use Ocean data NFTs to provide great amount of resistance in preventing misuse of DAO proposal mechanisms. 

Ocean data NFTs can also be used to [Login with Web3](https://github.com/oceanprotocol/ocean.py/blob/main/READMEs/profile-nfts-flow.md) and allow a dApp to not only connect to the user's wallet, but also access profile data that the user has privately shared to it. In fact, Ocean data NFTs can essentially be used as [Soulbound Tokens](https://papers.ssrn.com/sol3/Delivery.cfm/SSRN_ID4105763_code1186331.pdf?abstractid=4105763&mirid=1) as well. 

### 2.1 Via Ocean.py

Before getting started, ensure that you've already [installed Ocean.py](https://github.com/oceanprotocol/ocean.py/blob/main/READMEs/install.md) and [set it up remotely](https://github.com/oceanprotocol/ocean.py/blob/main/READMEs/setup-remote.md)

#### 2.1.1 Publish data NFT

> In Python console:

Reviewer 3: The user needs to open a new python console here?

```python

> from ocean_lib.models.arguments import DataNFTArguments

Reviewer 3: This unfortunately returns an error: 
'ModuleNotFoundError: No module named 'ocean_lib.models.arguments'

> data_nft = ocean.data_nft_factory.create(DataNFTArguments('NFT1', 'NFT1'), alice)

Reviewer 3: ocean variable is not defined here. This line also returns an error.
Also, 'alice' wallet is not defined.

Author: The code is now updated as per original [key-value-flow](https://github.com/oceanprotocol/ocean.py/blob/main/READMEs/key-value-flow.md) README

```
from ocean_lib.models.data_nft import DataNFTArguments
data_nft = ocean.data_nft_factory.create(DataNFTArguments('NFT1', 'NFT1'), {"from": alice})
```
